Update Coding Guidlines (#8844)
PowerShell/PowerShell: docs/dev-process/coding-guidelines.md

* Be aware of APIs such as `String.Split(params char[])` that do not provide overloads to avoid array allocation.
  When calling such APIs, reuse a static array when possible (e.g. `Utils.Separators.Colon`).

> * Avoid using string interpolations and overloads with implicit parameters like `Culture` and `StringComparison`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid using string interpolations and overloads with implicit parameters such as `Culture` and `StringComparison`.
```

>   Instead, use overloads with explicit parameters like `String.Format(IFormatProvider, String, Object[])` and `Equals(String, String, StringComparison)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Instead, use overloads with explicit parameters such as `String.Format(IFormatProvider, String, Object[])` and `Equals(String, String, StringComparison)`.
```
`like` does not sound very professional

Author: I am not native English. I used the pattern from the file. Could you please review the file and fix issues?

Reviewer: Sure

>   Instead, use overloads with explicit parameters such as `String.Format(IFormatProvider, String, Object[])` and `Equals(String, String, StringComparison)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Instead, use overloads with more explicit parameters such as `String.Format(IFormatProvider, String, Object[])` and `Equals(String, String, StringComparison)`.
```
